in today's video we will be going
through the 2010's american
post-apocalyptic thriller film vanishing
on 7th street spoilers ahead you have
been warned make sure to give this video
a thumbs up comment on what your
favorite part was and subscribe to our
channel for more the film opens in a
theater where everyone is enjoying a
movie probably for the last time you
know this is a horror slash thriller
film so don't expect happiness for long
the projectionist paul appears in the
frame with a headlamp controlling some
knobs in the projection room he opens
his book to read about the 16th century
disappearance of the roanoke colony
which is quite similar to this movie's
plot or maybe the movie is inspired by
the story whatever he goes out to get a
juice and flirt with the lady at the
canteen perhaps just the latter when he
is about to read the first line from the
book the lights go off damn these lights
paul comes out and sees no one around
when the lights are back the same way
when people disappear when i need their
help he goes to the hallway and finds
nothing but people's dresses and fallen
popcorn boxes on the ground he checks
the hall seats and finds the same just
clothing as it is he finds a security
guard holding a torch in his hand and
both of them start investigating these
two who had sources of lights with them
are safe and everyone except them is
gone see when i said there lives a
monster in darkness no one believed me
they hear sound in the departmental
store and start following it bad idea
don't say i didn't warn you without
warning the guard vanishes as his light
goes off leaving his clothes behind as
paul hears his scream even his light
goes off for a brief moment but it turns
back on the scene then cuts to a
hospital where a woman named rosemary
holding a flashlight is in scrubs she is
searching for a child named manny we can
see that everybody in the hospital has
disappeared leaving their scrubs behind
she sees a room with lights on and finds
a patient with his chest cut open later
the light goes off and even he
disappears it's better to disappear than
to sit with your chest cut open you know
the following morning a tv reporter luke
ryder wakes up to discover the power is
out he extinguishes the candles near him
i think he should be thankful for the
candles but anyways he starts looking
for his girlfriend paige she is nowhere
to be seen and luke's phone is dead
there's a basket of gifts paige might
have brought for him a book titled sexy
games some handcuffs and
so on he goes to his office to see the
same thing dresses without people even
the newspaper he picks up is from the
previous day the downtown streets are
empty except for abandoned vehicles and
piles of clothing a plane crashes on the
horizon because no pilots remember but
how was the plane flying all this while
you may ask autopilot maybe luke finds a
walkie-talkie but even it is dead i mean
who will you talk to through the
walkie-talkie if no people are remaining
when he picks up his photo with paige he
sees movement and follows it as he
leaves we see the darkness taking over
three days later we see luke in a hoodie
trying to start some cars after failing
to start one he tries another hope is a
good thing but false hope is bad you
know when he's inside a car a man
arrives there frantically pleading with
him to open the door he is scared to get
consumed by the darkness so is
desperately asking for a light luke
ignores him like my crush does to me and
that man vanishes in a car he collects
some batteries to spare and a gun then
we see a 7 8 year old girl we don't know
who she is yet fortunately and defying
this movie's logic he starts a car and
reaches a bar surprisingly all the
lights in the bar are on and even the
music is playing expecting some people
luke goes inside holding a gun but finds
nothing except the dresses of people he
then sits and enjoys a shot because even
during the apocalypse the party must go
on guys later when the lights begin
flickering luke goes to the basement
there he finds a portable generator
which explains why the pub is not
affected by the power outage did the
generator company sponsor this film who
knows there a 12 year old kid james
leary confiscates his gun by aiming a
bigger gun at him after some back and
forth the boy introduces himself he's
the bartender's son and his mom has gone
to the church promising to be back luke
tries to convince him to get going with
him but james refuses he says that he
will wait for his mom i'm telling you
false hope is bad kiddo luke tells him
that it's 11am but still dark daylight
is getting more scarce every day
darkness seems to be consuming
everything later a woman named rosemary
arrives there and frantically searches
for her child manny calm down lady she
does calm down but after she fires at
luke the movie cuts to paul who
reappears after being consumed by
darkness not because the darkness didn't
like his taste the flashlight near paul
starts working and he is seen severely
injured he tries to move towards a bus
shelter later james offers water to
rosemary and she tells him that manny is
just nine months old when james asks her
she's a doctor the movie goes into a
flashback rosemary a physical therapist
is seen walking down a busy hospital
passage she comes outside to light up a
cigarette excuse me ma'am your lungs
then she hears a weird scream the next
morning she's seen walking down a
deserted street she goes up to the
cradle in her room hoping to see the
baby but in vain the movie cuts to the
present where luke james and rosemarie
are talking rosemary shows some lights
out of her bag due to which she was able
to make her way out of there anything
can fit into a lady's bag guys even a
generator they hear a scream outside
luke goes searching for anyone and finds
an injured paw in the bus shelter he
brings him to the bar having a close
call with the shadows later paul starts
explaining how he got there he works in
the fairlane center all of a sudden the
whole mall went dark he was on his way
out when the light started dying someone
hit him and he was taken somewhere his
light came back on and he found himself
lying on the ground when asked about the
person who hit him paul tells him that
there was no body or face it was just
some shadows rosemary a catholic tells
him that they are left behind as a
punishment by god which luke condemns
the lights begin flickering again and
they go down to the basement there paul
tells him about the roanoke colony of
1587 when a boat with supplies came
there they found everyone gone leaving
behind their food livestock and clothing
as it is the only word they found
written was the word croatoan the
shadows are literate i guess to be able
to write a word
frustrated paul starts kicking the
generator and injures himself what else
do you expect he is brought and kept to
the pool table rosemary asks luke to get
some ice and the movie goes into a
flashback he has another one this time
luke's luke is in the broadcasting room
of his office he finds a recording where
he sees his girlfriend vanishing into
thin air when the lights go out a live
feed from chicago shows a person warning
the people to keep a light with
themselves all the time he also warns
that the darkness may assume any shape
or form to lure you to your death hence
not to trust anybody except their light
back to the present he tells him that he
has a truck two to three blocks away but
the battery is dead he suggests going to
chicago where they can find more
survivors the light in the bar is just a
trap because when the generator fails
they'll all die rosemary is stubborn not
to go anywhere because everything
happens for a reason and [ __ ] this woman
has set a new example for optimism in
the next room luke consoles james and
instructs him to stay with paul in
another room paul starts flirting with
rosemary because it's the appropriate
time according to him he expresses his
desire to appear in movies and asks her
if he has a chance she's not a film
director she's a physical therapist you
know rosemary and luke leave instructing
james to be by paul's side and not let
him fall asleep in the next scene
rosemary and luke are seen pushing the
truck paul starts questioning james if
he's got a girl he's 12 years old please
spare him paul starts talking like a
lunatic which he is he asks james to
play a song to which he starts singing
along somebody remind him he's not at
this bar to party he's there amidst an
apocalypse severely injured hoping for
help with the song james starts
imagining as if the bar is full of
people lively and noisy later james goes
to wash a bowl in a sink when the lights
go off there luke and rosemary take a
break as luke's ankle is hurt they talk
about her child manny luke tells her
about his wife anna who's in chicago
they're separated and he's afraid she
doesn't even want to see his face i mean
you have a girlfriend who brings
handcuffs right they see the same little
girl holding a light at a distance i
described at the beginning they try to
talk to her but she runs away even luke
nearly vanishes trying to get to her if
not for the headlights of the truck
cut to the next scene paul gets up and
starts looking for james he's nowhere
near the sink just the bowl is lying on
the floor in the basement there opens a
locked door by itself revealing a
seemingly endless tunnel it's a good
idea to enter inside it according to him
it's a good idea to enter inside
according to him he reaches a dead end
and bam vanishes luke tries to ignite
the fuel but they've got no lighter they
head towards the hospital searching for
any source of lights lights are back on
and james reappears near the sink when
he goes towards the pool table he finds
the dress paul was wearing there luke
ignites a fire with a matchstick which
rosemary found as she knows that
hospital well she claims it was because
of manny she's not yet disappeared manny
made her want to clean up and she lived
after this emotional ride she goes to
find fuel i.e rubbing alcohol rosemary
hears a baby cry outside when she looks
outside she finds a stroller under a lit
up streetlight i'm telling you it's a
bad idea woman she goes there and finds
the stroller empty the street light goes
out and guess what she disappears too in
the next scene we see luke and james
reunite luke manages to convince james
that they'll make it out eventually
james sits in the truck to start the
ignition and tries to connect the
generator after three attempts they
manage to start the engine and get out
of there we see a road sign indicating
7th street indeed they reach a church
where the cargo of the truck spills over
which happens to be apples james goes
inside the church despite luke's warning
james is a good son how can he stop
looking for his mom what are survival
instincts mother's love is the greatest
luke leaves and continues his journey
i'm telling you you regret your decision
later luke sees a word crow a toe and
carved in a road sign so he comes back
to the church just when the shadow is
about to consume james luke breaks
through the church with the truck and
asks james to get inside james ignores
him yet again and luke himself vanishes
when the headlights go off how can
someone be so selfish this james beats
my ex yes i just said that as all the
candles of the church slowly extinguish
we see agitated james trying to live the
next morning the sun rises we see james
sleeping near the last candle in the
church the little girl comes there and
introduces herself as brianna she shows
her solar flashlight as her survival
tool later both of them come outside and
see a horse feeding on apples in the
next scene we see brianna and james
riding the horse as the sun sets the
camera pants to the bar where we see the
shadows of luke rosemary and paul watch
the children the solar flashlight goes
on ensuring their protection in this
journey
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries
you